00:20 It is the meeting starting soon or not, because by 11.30 I need to go. Thank you Thank you. And I'm making sure that I leave that box.
00:32 You Oh, I just forgot. Yes, I think, uhh, we're facing slight conditions. Just give us a moment and we'll make sure that we wrap this up.
00:48 Bye, 11.30. Thank you. Hm, hm, hm. Hm, hm. Hm. I'm going to see if I Okay. and Okay, so. So, I'm Jessica.
02:10 I'm 36 years old. I work as a teacher. I teach English, um, at a school. And what else did you ask for?
02:25 So, it's very active. I tend to walk a lot. I have to, uhm. No, it's not. I'm sorry. I'll see you Monday, okay?
02:38 Go, go, go. Look, grandma's waiting for you. Bye-bye. Bye. See you. Bye-bye. Bye Okay, bye-bye. See you.
02:51 Bye. Sorry. Uhm. Bye. Sorry. What were the other questions? questions. Uhm, so where are you currently based Jessica? In Dubai.
03:03 Mm hmm. And what does your typical day look like? You started by telling us, uhm, that it's active. So yeah, I work in a school, so I typically wake up.
03:13 Quite early. Um, by five o'clock I wake up. And, um, what do I do? Get ready for work. Come to work.
03:21 I work with t- because I work with grade one s a lot of like walking around, moving aroung doing things, hav and making activities for.
03:29 So I would say I'm quite active. Um, I keep up with doing like about 10,000 steps per day, some days more.
03:36 Um, typically. quickly. After work, I tend to go to the gym, um, and do either, like, one of the courses, or I was doing some pe- t sessions with, um, one of the cultures at the gym.
03:50 But, yeah, that's my lifestyle so far. I think that's why that's why on Sundays I also have a social walking group that I'm a part of and we go, we meet up and we do walks.
04:00 So, mm-hmm. Umm, so how long have you been going to the gym and, you know, been part of the club on Sundays?
04:10 Umm, so that, the Sunday Walking Group, I've been part of since, like, maybe about last year, and then going to the gym, I joined the gym.
04:17 Umm, I joined, umm, the My PT Studio. I joined them in March. I joined when I was Ramadan, and they had a, video going on.
04:27 So I joined for one month, and then after one month, I was like, okay, this seems like something I'll be able to keep up, so I joined for about, six more months.
04:38 Nice. And what motivator did you start working on? . Well, just um, some weight gain and just having a better work-life balance.
04:48 I'll see you in the next one. Mm-hmm. And where do you usually walk out? You set the gym, and you ready?
04:58 Mm Yeah, it's like a classroom studio. No, at the gym they do some classes, or are you going to get such a chance and then, the weekend social walk, which is like meeting up at the mall walking and talking.
05:10 And have you like over, Be completely honest. Any other challenges you face during home workouts like maybe. We'll see you in the one.
05:31 No, this is fine for me. I think the main concern is, um, more so. Just not having the motivation to actually do it, because I think a lot of the times with your brain, you just kind of, uhm, come through.
05:46 I recognize that home is a place for you to, like, you know, rest, relax, and, you know, whatever, but not so much.
05:53 I don't see it as a place. A place of, like, working out. Occasionally we'll try to work out here and there, but it'll be like, maybe, like, a five, seven minute workout.
06:02 And, uhh, uhh, then call it a day, but nothing too long. I see. Uh, how comfortable are you using your phone?
06:10 Oh, yeah. I think it's fine. I know. I'm done. I use my Apple Watch to track some of the things that I do in terms of working out.
06:24 Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. And do you prefer if you guys are alone or with your friends or do you have a trainer or a community person?
06:34 Well, going to the group classes, I tend to, uhm, have the class for other people or- like a one-on-one PT session.
06:46 Yeah. And have you ever followed an- like on YouTube and stuffy-am. How was your experience? Steve. And select following them?
07:01 No, for a plan. If I'm motivated to do it, then I'm fine. I'm fine. And what kind of, uhh, I know you mentioned using the apple mulch to track some of your metric.
07:14 Okay. What kind of metrics do you usually track? Mostly just steps. To be fair, mostly steps, but it also. else.
07:22 But there's like the calories and all that stuff. And have you ever tried tracking any of your other methods? Like, sleep or maybe heart rate or something, do you find that useful?
07:34 No. No. My sleeping is bad overall. else. to be honest. Yeah. Um, Abbue, do you track your menstrual cycle? Thank you.
07:46 Thank you. Yeah, I'm with the app. On the app, uh, which app? The app will help me. Mm-hmm. Uh. Bye bye.
07:55 And do you feel like your cycle may impact your energy, maybe your consistency, or even your diet? Umm, yeah, sometimes.
08:05 Definitely, I know. Could you elaborate a bit more, like, do you feel energetic? I'd us today. I would say depending on the time, it varies.
08:18 Like. I guess. Sometimes I, I feel like, okay, I don't have energy to do something other times I'm okay, so it varies.
08:26 injuries. You Yeah. I see. Um, do you think that having mentioned cycle aware, uh, suggestion? Yes, your problems for your workers or maybe in your diet could be healthy?
08:39 Um, I think so, yeah. Mm hmm. And so we spoke about what motivated you to start, right? Can we talk about what motivates you to- Bye.
08:59 Other times, by asthma, other times I feel like, um, if I don't have the energy, then I don't bother. out there.
09:06 Again. again. So if you fall off of a routine or a workout or maybe if you skip one, what usually causes that?
09:16 I would say, like, if I have stuff to do at school, like at work school related stuff, that kind of throws me off.
09:23 If it's, if it's a bit of a stressful week or I knew that, I know that I have things I need to complete, then sometimes that kind of puts me a bit off in terms of, umm, having to get things done.
09:36 And what do you think, uhh, let's, What do you really help prevent that contract? Umm, if we have, like, either like holidays or just- Like, um, not being at work, I guess, holidays and work.
09:53 Yeah. Mhm. 1 1 2 4 3 or the weekends. I see. So maybe undressed days where you have not not.
10:03 A lot to do, maybe. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And, uhh, how does visual progress as a- And I'm happy to feed back by other people around you, which one do you think makes you feel?
10:19 you better about your progress. Uhm, I guess maybe having up from other people. you you know, so be able to notice more so like if you've gained or lost or like you're toning and stuff.
10:34 Uhm. Thank you. Visual in terms of like, like I have a smart scale and it's attached to my watch and it tells you, like, the weight progress and stuff.
10:43 But sometimes it's not as, like, motivating, especially when I easy the weight going up more than it is going down.
10:51 Yeah, I can imagine that. And the good thing, context of it, merges, or something that helps you get, back on these tough days.
11:01 Do you think that would help you be more consistent? If the apple cream will help me be more consistent. Mm-hmm.
11:09 Is that what you asked? No, not really. Because currently the app, um, it does send, like, um, some. After my tea, um, the gym, it doesn't, uh, update about, like, um, what's it called?
11:22 out. Like, did you have the opportunity to do your steps and whatever? But to be honest, I don't engage with that in the app.
11:32 I see. Uh, anything else that the app can do to help you bridge that gap and consistency? Stency. No, I-I-I don't know what I would say would help because, We'll see you next Like I said, um, they send daily, like, did you have your protein intake?
11:55 Did you hit your step charge? Bye. And I don't really engage with it. Yeah. I say. And do you have any physical limitations or injury?
12:04 You're ready. Well, I've had, like, my hip was hurting as of, like, the last year. And then most recently. So it's just been, um, my knee.
12:17 I've been hurting my right knee. game. I think. And this is all within recent times. Yeah, well, the knee recently would- in the last, maybe three weeks.
12:32 How do you adapt your workouts then? and I just tend to take it slow. And I'm over three myself. I still keep up with the steps, but like, go into the gym.
12:43 I might limit the classes that I'm- want to do, or if I do go to the class, just listen to my body and just take it easy.
12:49 Mm-hmm. Oh, so in that scenario- like this, do you think if the app was more tailored, like, if it understood the kind of injuries that you have, and probably make changes?
13:00 In your workout, or your diet accordingly, do you think that would help? you Well, I haven't interacted with an interface like that to know if it would help me or not.
13:11 Mm-hmm. Yeah. Understand. Umm, any precautions or support that you look for in apps or devices with these. please. Do you say support?
13:26 No, not really. game. I see. And how comfortable would you be sharing your medical data with an app if- if it promised you a more tailored plan according to your needs?
13:43 Again, I haven't really interacted with anything like that. No, if I would actually go and put things out there. Mhm.
13:52 Yeah. Oh, that's fine. So, Let's move on and really, uhm, drill down on your workout. So the last time that you may have skipped or, I'll modify the workout.
14:04 Do you mind telling me why that was? Because I modified the workout. Welcome. Well, the other day I went over to the jam, but they were during a hit session.
14:18 And, like, I just made my own little modifications and some of the exercises that were being, um, set to cheer.
14:37 I don't know what it felt because I, again, I just umm, it's like- listening to your body, knowing what your limits are, and then just going.
14:45 Okay, if the instructor Dr. Singh, let's do jumping jacks. And I feel like my knee's hurting. I'm not gonna do.
14:50 Jumping jacks, I'm gonna alternate that to my own comfort level. But this is because it's a face-to-face. I don't know about, like, using an app for it.
14:59 I see. Mm-hmm. And have you said any specific fitness goals, like, uhh, tabi- if we eat, or increase in strength, or eating better, or something like that?
15:11 Mostly just keep my steps, uhh, my- it. I just to, like, like, losing some weight. Again, I have this scale and it shows the weight and then I'm- just, like, okay.
15:24 It's increasing but also because I've been doing the PT sessions and- and they say sometimes, like, when you start. Doing, like, resistant training and stuff, you're building more muscles, so, like, you might see that.
15:35 It seems like the scale is going up, but, like, you're not losing your weight and stuff, but you're still, like, contributing to your help.
15:45 I hope that, I see. Do you think any kind of video showrooms in a scenario like this would have helped you?
15:52 Thank you. Well, I know, like, speaking to the team, like, when I would go to the sessions, he would make a remark that, like, yo, hey, just know that, like, Even if the scale is going up, it's because you're getting stronger and you're, like, you know, you're developing your muscles.
16:19 So, something? Not really not. Mm-hmm. And are you following? line. Any new sort of a structured diet plan or nutrition planning right now?
16:32 No. No. No. All it's going on. Have you ever worked with a nutritionist or a dietician before? I had, like, earlier in this year.
16:44 I- I did and I have a meal plan and everything made for me. My only issue is that when it comes to actually making the food is, again, because of a- like, sometimes, like, the stressful work environment.
16:55 You go home and you're like, I don't feel like cooking. I don't feel like making this. I have considered, like, to doing, um, what are those called?
17:02 The meal plans and stuff. I've done a meal plan in the past. But sometimes with those, you find that, like, the food could be, the land and, uhm, but it's like for me.
17:11 My, uhm, my dairy curry needs is, um, cescatarian, so we have, like, seafood and. Umm, vegetarian stuff and sometimes the options for those aren't that great.
17:21 And a lot of the, uh, meal and companies tend to do. Like a lot of meat, like chicken, or like beef type of heavy.
17:29 And whereas, like, with me, yeah, I like. I think we're going to go again, I feel like I restrict, because it's restricted in terms of like what I eat and stuff.
17:39 Like. All right. I don't know, it's hard to kind of get into a steady meal and that would work for me.
17:48 I can't really understand. Umm, do you feel like the clam was stealing to your parents? Thank you. Thank you. We'll you in the particular time to say that you're my maid.
17:58 The only thing that, umm, when I thought the nutritionist, the only thing that, I would say was that that back is actually buying and getting all the food.
18:08 And then also because I, which is like me myself and I, a lot of, Sometimes when you go shopping for some of these foods, it becomes a waste.
18:16 You're making a different meal every day and then you have some stuff left over. And, uhm, yeah, and sometimes I don't feel like making something, so I'll go out and buy something and then the food's just like rotting away.
18:29 So I feel like even though the plan of the nutrition aspect was made from me, it's a bit more hard to follow it in a sense of, like, It's just me, and I will have to consume all this food, and sometimes you don't have the time to.
18:43 Thank you. Umm, you also mentioned having a personal trainer already. Yeah. Did he or she ha- have any intervention in the that long that he was?
18:58 No, is that really? range. I already know that my eating and all these. Sometimes it's okay at the time, so that's it.
19:06 Mm hmm. I see. Mm hmm. And you mentioned you do attract calories, correct? No, I don't. Oh, uhh. I'm going to know what kind of a diet you're going to eat there, metrics to your cap.
19:22 Nothing other than the step. I so. Thank you. Okay. Uh, would you say your workouts affect your diet or your diet affect your workout?
19:31 Love. I would say diet affects because sometimes I don't eat well, other times I under eat, other times I overeat.
19:41 And do you think that affects your own energy or the kind of workouts that you have? I'm pretty sure it does.
19:47 Mm-hmm. . . . Do you think any kind of health supplements, like multivitamins or anything like that? Uhm, I was. and I was doing, uhm, vitamin D, probiotics, sometimes magnesium, vegetable.
20:05 Bye bye. And, uhm, I see. Yeah. Are we gonna be able to wrap this up in the next three minutes because I need to go for a, 11.30.
20:15 Oh, no. Is there no way you would be able to stay a little longer? No, I told you that. Bye bye.
20:21 11.30, I need to go. Mm-hmm. And they said it was to be about 20 minutes, so if you speed up.
20:27 The questions are. Mm-hmm. So, uh, do you think I show you all these really relevant things? Oh, very I'd ask you like, yeah um- okay.
20:39 Well, I don't know which one is of any go, but too, it's so, uh, uh, coordinate it. So, you get be you know, the fasting period of that season, do you think something like that will help you stay a transition going down.
20:50 I'm not sure. Uh, do you think AI based suggestions into your, I don't mean to interact with AI, to be honest.
21:04 Mm hmm. . . . Yeah. Yeah. And who do you usually, like, just to have a good life? and do you usually have a trainer that I don't do when you're looking out?
21:26 Or do I yourself? I doing training sessions, but now I mostly go to the group classes. That's it. Is there a reason you may have switched?
21:35 I didn't. Okay. Okay. Oh, so you've been here to go? Oh, so I was doing both. I was doing both.
21:44 So, my PT sessions ended the week before. And, now, we're just going back to doing the classes. Uh, is there any reason you then continue the PT exam?
21:57 Umm, I would say cost factor and time factor and also because my needs hurting recently, so. so. I mean, yeah.
22:04 I see. Uh, do you think having the access to live coaching or virtual coaching or pipe. Bye. No, because even at the gym when I had to, he was to make suggestions, but it wasn't all the time that I was taking the.
22:19 No suggestions. Okay, and do you think people around you do they influence. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, sorry. Your motivation positively or negatively.
22:31 I would say it's a ball. All right. . I don't know. Could you like take a living on that? Uhm, it depends.
22:41 Like, sometimes your friends, they want to go. You know what I'm out of need somewhere, and then you join in and eat, or like, yeah, friends that motivate you to do something, they'll motivate you to do stuff.
22:54 Okay, I see, uhh, so almost at the end of my questions, I just wanted to- if there's anything that you feel that we may have messed out on, or that we didn't cover, or we didn't ask, that you would like to mention.
23:08 Please feel free to do so. And if you liked this like and And you guys I'll see Okay. So. So.
23:21 Thank you much. Oh, Jessica, are you still here? Yeah, sorry. I had to go through the- What? No, there's nothing else that I want to add.
23:35 Any other features or experiences that you wish existed? Mr. Stearns. But, you've not seen yet. I guess. Any features or anything like that that you wish, existed but you haven't seen them yet.
23:50 No. Uhm, I think, That's all from my side. Thank you so much for your time Jessica. This was really helpful and, It'll help us shape, new experiences for you.
24:05 Thank you so much. Have a great day. Bye. Thank you. Thank you.