00:00 I train around 25 to 30 sets, and for smaller muscles like biceps and triceps, I train usually around 20 sets.
00:08 I see. And how many days of the week do you go to the gym? Six days. Six days? Yes, yes.
00:16 Really? Yeah, yeah. I work out six days, but usually, uh, it depends on the schedule. It depends the client's, uh, preference.
00:22 If they want to do five days, if they want to do four days. So, I design their plan accordingly, but frequency is will be the two.
00:29 So, everybody for every muscle group should be trained twice in a And how did you come up with this, uh, routine for yourself?
00:44 Uhm, so, when I started working out, so, typically, it was, uh, uhm. Told to, uh, told to, uh, told to us that we have to train twice, uh, chest and thigh, back and bi-legs, and so, since then, I'm doing the same.
01:00 But when I did my diploma in nutrition and fitness, then I came to know about it should be around, uh, frequency should be two, you should train.
01:11 Twice, uh, you must have twice in a week. There's two, three reasons for that. And, uh, and you have to train till 15.
01:16 No, after doing my diploma. Initially, I was not doing all sets, uh, effective sets. Some sets I was not training till failure.
01:26 So, uh, if there is 20 sets that are effective sets, you have to train till failure or very close to failure.
01:33 I see. Uhm, is your physical activity only at the gym or do you go to some club? No, no, no.
01:42 Only gym. But on Sunday, I do running. I do some sprinting as well. But on rest day, I do. But typically on 6th day, I do only weight training and do my neat activity, my 10,000 steps plus.
01:57 Uh, you mentioned this running. Do you do it with a club or community? Or is it just a solo activity?
02:07 Yeah, I have solo activity in the park only. On Sunday and Thursday. I see. And how long have you been following this routine for?
02:19 Hmm. Almost around, since last 8 to 10 years, but, very seriously, you can, we can say around 2.5 years. 5 years.
02:33 I see. Uh, any reason, or? Purpose of your motivation for this routine? So, I'm like, I'm getting rid of this, uh, weight training.
02:46 If I don't do my workout, I, my, my mood is not good. I, so, for my happy mood, I need to.
02:53 Anyhow, I, I, uh, I don't remember the day I ever, I ever, I ever skipped my workout. So this is a lesson for me.
03:07 I can see that. And would you say you have ever worked out at home before? Yeah, in lockdown, I worked out at home.
03:16 Yeah, yeah. Did you use any apps, videos or any tutorials for it? No, but some videos, uh, I, uh, I, uhm, I do myself trials.
03:33 Like, uh, I, I have dumbbells. I have dumbbells of, uh, 10 kg pair. Only one pair I have. So I do supersets.
03:40 I do, uh, compound sets. I do, uh, I, I take very less rest between the sets so that I can train till failure.
03:49 I see. So my muscles get fatigued with those 10 kg dumbbell pair only. Did you face any challenges while working out from home, like maybe lack of motivation, lack of space or equipment?
04:12 Yeah, lack of weight, lack of resistance I but, if I have dumbbells, of, of, ah, like, 10, 15, 20 kg, then there will be no difficulty, but there is some burden.
04:21 In, in gyms, there is, like, ambience, mirrors, music, people. And so much of machines, we get bored of, uh, us doing same exercise every day.
04:35 So we need some more equipments. Do you think working out with, uh, other people or other people around you, do you think that is beneficial?
04:46 Yes, but, uh, but not so crowded. If there is so much crowd, I get, uh, I don't get equipment when I need.
04:57 Otherwise, there's, uh, a few people in the gym that, that help. Motivate us, actually. I see. And how comfortable are you using phones or apps during your workout?
05:12 I don't use, I don't literally don't use, no. I see. Uhm. And do you refer to any guides or influencers or anything like that?
05:22 Maybe YouTube tutorials? No, sometimes, ah, before going to the gym, ah, I used to, ah, watch a video on YouTube.
05:33 So, that, that, that. That can motivate me, ah, because I don't use any, any pre-workout supplements. Sometimes I feel low, then I used to watch the videos.
05:42 That old influencers, like, old bodybuilders videos. I see. Yes. Do you track your workouts or your progress?
05:54 Anything like that? Yeah, yes, of course, of course. Uh, could you tell me a little more about how you do it?
06:01 So, workout, I also track how, uh, whether I'm a, whether I'm able to do progressive or not. For example, uh, today I'm doing any exercise with 20 kg, okay, and I am able to do 10 reps only.
06:14 So I will, I will again doing next week, next week, next week, maybe after 2, 3, 4 weeks, I'll be able to do 12 reps.
06:22 Okay, so from, I moved 10 reps to 12 reps, that is my progress. And when my reps comes in all sets more than 10.
06:30 Then I increase the weight, in that particular exercise. I see. Also, I may track my weight. I may progress by pictures.
06:40 Mainly, I track my progress by two ways only. My pictures and my weight. That's it. I see. So, do you think visible progress is more of a motivation for you?
06:54 Yeah, of course, that is. If, if I'm on fat loss journey, it really matters. But I'm on muscle gain journey, it takes years.
07:05 Mind should be, mindset should be like that. You have to keep patience. Correct. Go for it. It was initially, uh, first two years, I, I gained a lot of muscle mass, but now, it's, I see very minimal changes in my muscles.
07:18 Fat, when I do fat loss, I see visible This is my routine for my good mood Muscles pump.
07:36 I do workout. I can't live even a single day without workout. That muscle pump is my addiction. I can see.
07:45 I see. Do you think, like, have you ever missed a workout or skipped a workout? I know you don't like skipping workouts, right?
07:52 Yes, yes. See, I think, um, from now, from now, for example, I skip now. I do legs workout, okay? And, anyhow, so, I used to do my legs workout at home, generally.
08:05 Otherwise, for example, I skipped my Saturday workout. However, I will complete that on Monday. But, it's in my mind, it's like my work routine.
08:15 I have to complete this many of sets. This number of sets I have to complete. If in this week I haven't completed, I will shift it to another week.
08:23 So if you skip a workout or something, you try to squeeze it in the next day or something like that.
08:30 Yes, yes. Yes, yes, yes. Because it's in my mind that you have to complete these number of steps. Otherwise, there will be no muscle growth in that particular week.
08:39 So, do you think, uh, like, say, if there was an app that helps you drive? Like, your workouts and stuff.
08:49 Do you think notifications from that app probably saying that, oh, you've missed your workout? Do you think that would Not in my case, not in my case, not in my case, but in some, uh, uh, people that can help.
09:07 Because motivations, uh, every, uh, person is not highly motivated. Uh, some come from inner, like, some are on survival mode.
09:17 It depends what type of motivation they have. Do you think if the app was smart enough? To collect your, uh, workout progress, to check your diet, to check your schedule and routine, and then- And if you miss a workout, probably give you a changed plan for, like you said, if you miss Saturday.
09:42 What if it changed- changed your plan for Monday incorporating your Saturday's workout. Do you think that would be beneficial? Yeah, yeah, that is great, ah.
09:50 If- if it- uh, compensate my sets in next day or coming days. For example, my, uh, fourth day. For example, I have to do six days, okay?
09:59 I have missed my fourth day workout last day. I have missed my chest workout. So it will, uh, design next to that next two days accordingly so that I can come.
10:08 I can complete my sets. That would be great. Yeah, I see. And you said your current fitness goal right now.
10:15 Is to gain more muscle, right? Yes. And being in shape, my body fat percentage is around 12. So. Oh, I used to remain at 12%, so I don't want to gain more fat.
10:28 Uh, and, and, uh. Uh, sometimes also I, uh, do fat loss for one month or for two months to have a photoshoot body.
10:39 I see. And I know you mentioned you don't track your progress. Do you mind telling me how, like, do you use an app?
10:47 Do you note it down manually? Like, what is the process? So, uh, I check my weight only and I track it.
10:55 I track by pictures only. So, I click in the, uhm, uh, I keep, I keep my picture in the phone and also, So, my company, Fitter, also provide a platform where we pull out pictures and we can track their pictures.
11:09 So, I can keep in my gallery as well. And I can compare my today's picture and after 15 days picture also.
11:16 But in my company, ah, Fitter app, there is also option of uploading. Uploading pictures and uploading it so I can track their as well.
11:26 So. Would you say you use Twitter for tracking mainly? Yes, yes, yes. By yes. Any other metrics you track?
11:38 I know you mentioned steps, right? Anything else like heart rate, calories, maybe? Anything like that? I use, uh, a smart ring that tracks my resting heart rate, my HRV, my sleep, all these metrics are there.
11:52 These are, uh, tracked by the smart ring, and the step count I track by my, in my phone, there is HealthApp, I track my step count in my phone.
12:00 I see. And would you mind telling me what kind of a smart ring are you using? It's a heart ring, uh, fitter, fitter.
12:11 Our company's heart ring. Uh, it's like smart watch, Apple, uh, iWatch. It's like iWatch. But it's ring, it's convenient, you can sleep with it comfortably.
12:21 Is it heart as in H-A-R-T or H-E H-A-R-T. H-A-R-T. I see. And so it tracks your sleep, your heart rate and everything.
12:32 Yeah, that's And it puts it in the health Uh, yeah. Health app is synced. Yeah, synced with the sync. I see, I see.
12:42 And, do you have any injuries or health conditions that might be? Prevent you from having a proper workout? No, right now, no, no, no, I don't have any injuries.
12:56 Yeah, like, like, slight lower back pain sometimes I had, but I, so I planned my workout accordingly. I skipped those exercises in which I feel, ah, pain in that particular muscle.
13:09 For example, I was feeling pain in my lower back while doing squats. So instead of squats, I'm doing, like, pre-quads.
13:15 But, like, best because they're doing both quads, same muscle group. Got it. I see. So, you adjust or modify your workouts yourself, correct?
13:28 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Because I have already done Diploma, no? Diploma. Yeah, yes, yes, yes. I see. Uhm. And could you tell me a little more about your Diploma too, like, when did you do it, what is it exactly called, something like that?
13:46 It's like, it's like, uh, I did it in, uh, around two years ago, and it is about exercise and nutrition.
13:52 So how to track your calories, how to calculate your macros, micros, but, uh, since that chat keep going. Pretty now, I think everything is very easy.
14:04 So also sometimes I check my body fat percentage by clicking. My photo and uploading on the chat GPT and I asked from that, but it is my body fat percentage.
14:13 So chat GPT give me a rough idea that this is your body fat percentage. I see. And do you think it gives you accurate answers?
14:22 Yeah, almost. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, of course, because, uh, only the DEXA method which is accurate, I think. Rest every method has, uh, 2-5% of errors.
14:32 CatGBT also can have that error. I see. Uhm, you might be knowing how fitness apps work. It will collect medical data or health data, right?
14:47 Hmm. No, but, generally, I used to done my blood work, uh, within 6 months. I get my blood work done in 6 months.
14:57 yeah, I only take the blood work. And sometimes if I don't know, I check on Google that how to, for example, my triglycerides.
15:05 But my, my cholesterol is on point. Then how to cure it. I read about it. I make notes. I make about it, and then I apply it myself.
15:17 So, do you think, if, uh, speaking of a hypothermia, Like, we discussed, if it was able to tailor your routine, your diet, and your workouts, do you think you would?
15:29 Would you be comfortable sharing your medical data, like, blood reports, for example, with the app, so that it can give you more accurate information?
15:37 Yeah, that would be, that is fine, if, if it can give me the, uh, more how to, uh, uh, change in, how to do changes in your diet, that would be great.
15:49 Yeah. Hmm. I see. And are you following a diet or a structured nutrition plan right Yeah, yeah, of course. It's 24-7, 365 days, yes.
16:01 Uh, so you devised this plan yourself or did you work with someone? Yeah, I planned, uh, I have planned. So, uh, I decide my macros.
16:15 I know how to decide my macros. Then, uh, according to my food preferences, but I won't do it. I, uh, make plan for myself only.
16:23 Hmm. I see. And you said you track your calories and macros, right? Anything else you track in nutrition? No, only majorly the macros and the calories, I mean, macros majorly, and, uh, sometimes fiber.
16:41 As well, initially, I calculate how much fiber I'm eating, that's it. I see. And I used to get blood work, my blood work.
16:49 So if there is any deficiency of any vitamin or so, according That like multivitamins or protein And then I have to eat protein shake to complete my protein.
17:09 Protein and creatine supplement I use only. Yes. Nothing, no pre-workout, no BCAA, nothing else I use. Any multivitamins? No, no, no, no.
17:20 I see. Would you say your workout affects your diet or your diet affects your workout? Do you think if I, if I don't do my workout, so it is related to both each other?
17:37 If I don't do my workout, I will be not able to digest this much of protein. Okay. And if I don't eat that much of diet, I will be not fully recovered.
17:45 So, it's both related to each other. I see. Do you face any challenges? Like, maybe you don't have the time, maybe you don't have the motivation, or maybe you have cravings.
18:00 Anything like that? Yeah, inside. There are a lot of challenges, a lot of cravings, sweet cravings. I used to go out, then I have to find, for example, I want to eat cheesecake.
18:10 But I see that there is 700 calories in it, so I say that I can't afford it. There are cravings, cravings, hunger.
18:17 So. Hunger is a bigger challenge. If, uh, uhm, if my hunger is, if I have fulfilled my hunger, then there is no bigger challenge.
18:26 So I eat a lot of veggies for that. I eat a complete, so I eat a lot of, two times into my body weight of protein.
18:34 So that it can fulfill my, it can fulfill me for full, for the full day. Mm-hmm. I see. And do you think suggestions which are more legion of it, like, say, For example, we like Indian food, so if, if the app suggests you more ways to incorporate different kinds of variety of Indian food.
18:58 In your diet, or maybe all the things that you like, but probably in a different way or something. Do you think that would help?
19:09 Yeah, that will, uh, yeah, it will help, but, uh, majorly I know, I used to ask from TRGBT. For example, I want to eat, I used to eat paneer, uh, and, but I don't, and I want to eat something else from paneer, so I, I will ask the AGPT that what is the replacement of paneer, so it will give me a lot 
19:26 of, a few ideas that, for example, this much of soya and this much of potato. If you mix this, these are same macros, same as paneer.
19:33 For example, it will tell me that 50 gram of paneer is equal to 200 grams of curd is equal to 2 whole eggs.
19:42 So I, I want only replacement. So I used to eat pasta also. I know in, I, I have 50 gram beetroot in my diet, but I can eat 50 gram pasta in my diet, but I have to cook, I have to take time.
19:54 I have to take this much Hey, guys, thanks for being here today. I'm really excited to about what I a really interesting AI recommendation.
20:13 Yeah, yeah, that is good. I see. Uh. You mentioned you are a trainer on footer, right? And you also use footer yourself?
20:24 Yes, both. Look. Any other apps to you? Yeah, go and try to help me, help me once, but I don't like that before.
20:34 There was a note, uhh, it was like one bowl of dal, has this much of caffeine. How much they can tell that one bowl of- maybe I have used to use 20 gram of oil in that.
20:46 So, I want only rowing gradients. So, I'll differ If I may, I don't like. Alright, only help if I may have used, uhh, before fit up.
20:54 Uhh, so you mentioned that you, would rather have raw ingredients written, right? Yeah, of course, otherwise it will be not exact data.
21:05 So. So do you think that is more helpful for getting an accurate answer? Of course, of course. Of You have to measure everything in row form.
21:19 I see. Uh, and you also mentioned. and using a smart link, right? Yes, yes, yes. I'm using smart links. Any Any frustrations or, Some planes that you have that the whole interface?
21:37 No, I think it's fine. time. It's fine. It track everything. Uh, I usually wake up and I check my recovery.
21:44 How, how good my sleep was. It is fine. I actually, it is very accurate. One day I was dehydrated, my HIV was low.
21:52 So, I checked on Google that why I actually- always low and Google does that. It might be due to dehydration.
21:58 I drank tea, glasses of water and it- it was high. So, I- I think it's very- ehm, I see. And anything I'll study on.
22:10 Ooh. I wish that he watched it, but it does not. Sorry, sorry. Anything else that you wish? If the ring was able to do that, it does not already.
22:25 I think, uhh, this. you should have, uhh, they should be tracking, uhh, if I lost it somewhere. I, I, I, I lost it many.
22:35 I need to, Yeah, I see. And, is it able to accurately, yeah, go. Yeah, uh, I rest everything is fine, any technical thumbs, it is fine.
22:50 I see. And based on the name biotrain, what comes to mind? Name. Okay. Same. Sorry. Biotrain. B-I-O.
23:03 T-R-A-I-N. Biotrain. Thank you. Well, when you first hear the word Biotrain, what comes to your mind? All right. I owe, like, biology, like, nutrition.
23:19 You tell me? Yeah, I mean, I think, but, It's like biology, it's like science, chemistry. So, chemical reactions, I think food and training, What how to, uh, training is, every training, everything, uh, like, not only weight training, uhh, yeah.
23:39 Being running, that is all cycling, that is also training. Mm-hmm, I see. Uh, and if an app was named a- I would train.
23:49 Mm-hmm. What do you think, what kind of features it would have? Mm-hmm. I think it just- Bye bye. It-it-it-it seems like science-packed, uh, uh, exercises that this movement will impact this, uh, short-haired o- long-haired, uh, for example, I've been banked class, this will, uhh, cover pack, pectoidal
24:09 major or minor, like this. . . . They seem like this. I see. Does the name bring any feelings to you? Like, if you're- hard to describe one adjective maybe, like, oh, it feels motivating.
24:24 It feels relevant. Maybe trustworthy. Maybe not. It feels Anything that comes to mind. Biotrains seems like only, uh, maybe only for, uh, training only.
24:37 Not nutrition, I think. So, yeah, yeah. Maybe. I think. If you do the most, Then, sub move. Would you, do you think there's room for improvement?
24:47 Bio train. I'm sorry. We'll see you in the Bye. Bye. I'm not in my mind, you know.
24:59 Well, thank you very I don't know more, more, a little bit more, right? Mm, yeah. I see. It, it seems like only for training, huh?
25:14 Mm-hmm. I see. And when it comes to personalized nutrition guidance. it. What kind of suggestions or support do you think would be the most helpful?
25:30 Like what kind of questions? She's, Do you think? In terms of nutrition? organization. Mm-hmm. So, like, if something is trying to personalize you on your nutrition, or say for- a line comes to you with wanting to make a diet plan, what kind of questions do you think you would be asking?
25:56 I think the food preference is main too, main, main thing is the food preference, but he is usually, what are the food that are convenient to them, so that what happens, If they want to eat, give them, uhh, those foods, but we should, uhh, we should decide the calories and macros.
26:20 Because I can't give to my, uhh, myself protein shake if I don't want to have that. Hmm. You correct. Umm, do you feel about link of the tips or?
26:36 Bye Maybe they know suggestions, like for example, the scenario we discussed, like say you missed a Saturday workout. Go. Because, for example, say you're feeling sore or something.
26:49 Do you think recovery tips from someone? Who knows your routine, he knows your diet. Do you think that could be something that can be helpful?
26:57 too. And then, it depends which type of, Like, for example, there is a muscle soreness, uhh, you can try, uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, you can try a heat pack, ice bar.
27:08 . . . Like, uhh, you can use, uhh, warm clothes to wear, you can do some settings, some massage. So, there is a lot of, uhh, I And if you want, for example, there is nervous system fatigue, like uhh, uhh, you don't need to do what you used to do, or car, but you don't want to do any harm.
27:24 Now, take a break for some, I'll, uhh, deload your work out. There are techniques, many techniques, but. Thank you. I think this, uhh, uhh, uhh, center number system, fatigue is, serious fatigue is for those people.
27:40 Like uhh. So, do you think recovery tips? It's, Well, then, would be something that would be interesting.
27:51 Take break, take break, yeah, yeah, take a break, take a, uhm, go and, uh, yeah. Just take a- break. Mm, I see.
27:59 Uh, I'm having worked with so many clients and working out yourself. Thank you much for watching will see Do you think elements like having streaks and a map or badges or leaderboards?
28:12 words. stuff like that. Do you think that will promote healthy competition or maybe it may be in some people, but in my.
28:20 Bye. In case, I don't like that. I don't like notifications. If we have, if we have busy schedule, and if we are tracking everything, then it- maybe, for example, you have get an arm of, like, uh, have your meal or, uh, hmmm, drink water.
28:35 I don't like that. Personally, I don't- I like that. But maybe some people like that. And not just notifications, but, like, say, if the app had- either boards or something like this with you and your friends could compare your progress with other people.
28:51 Do you think that we're promoting- can the competition or be more debate someone? Mm-hmm. Maybe in some people that may be motivated if, uhh, if, if, if two friends are, or four to five.
29:09 Bye. It can be the healthy competition but, uhh, it can be an unknown uhh, uhh, ah, then it might be like, not comfortable.
29:19 Because, I think it's not comfortable, uhh, if- if- if- if- if there are four friends who have joined, they will be- there will be healthier competition, but with unknown people, it will be not.
29:33 And similarly to that, talking about healthy competition, do you think- Thank Like you said, you would rather see visible progress in yourself than feed back from others, correct?
29:47 Yes. Yes. Do you think if the app showed you your own progress from the last week, and this week, and it's said that, oh, you've all done yourself from last week, do you think that might be healthy?
30:00 Yeah, yeah, yeah. That is helpful. It is motivation. Mm-hmm. Nice. Yeah, I do. And are there any features, uh, like I know you mentioned, you would like to see raw ingredients, for example.
30:13 I'm And then any other features and fitness apps that you have seen on nutrition apps that you don't like. We'll see that.
30:21 Or you generally trying to ignore all you to practice like that. There can be a good AI feature that if I uh, for example.
30:29 If I put in the diagram of this diagram of this diagram of this, make me a good recipe. AI is native good.
30:37 The recipe that will be, I think it will be helpful. I see. And anything. Thank Do you think that could probably help with in terms of consistency or maintaining a routine?
30:52 That is, that is- Thank you. . . It is because that is a tough task actually. Yeah, that is a tough task.
31:00 Only the- I think. Only the result that keeps you motivated. Only the result is the best way, uhh, that. It keeps you motivated.
31:11 Nothing else, I think. I'm sorry. Have you ever paid for a fitness? Next. Ah, per subscription before? No. No. No.
31:24 What kind of thing? Okay. But, but literally, if I, uhh, I- uhh, uhh, use to know about fitter before joining as a coach.
31:39 I, and, uhh, I'm making sure. I'm put a I would like to join fitter. I would like to train under a boat of fitter.
31:48 Oh, uh, any reason why? it. Because since the last few years I was thinking like there is no, uh, not possible for a natural athlete to make apps and- good physique to get down your body fat percentage.
32:01 But after I get to know, then I get the value, I have transformed a lot of uhh, All you in uhh, people also, and I have transformed myself also.
32:10 So, before this, if I, I have joined the Peter Diploma, otherwise, before. So, before this, if I go to know what sweeter, I definitely join under the coach.
32:19 To get at least knowledge how it works. I sure. To for that, uhh, if it has middle good uhh, trust in their people, in Indian community.
32:29 I'm going to do this. So, you're saying that you were first a user of footage. And then you got the diploma, then you became a coach?
32:41 No, I got to know about, uh, I was, I was work, I don't know. Bye I had a, I have a gym in Gurgaon.
32:48 So I was working as a trainer, we can say, because I will keep training in my own gym also. So I, somewhere, somewhere from somewhere else, I got to know about Twitter, how coach is trained.
33:01 in. So then I enrolled in Twitter, uh, uh, diploma, then I studied and might pass on myself. Yes. and then did that lead you to becoming a coach at Twitter also?
33:15 Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Mmm. up. I see. And, though you said you usually work out a long time. Yeah, yeah, I used to work out a long time.
33:31 Would you say you prefer a private, uhh. Work out at your own pace, mainly. Mmm, yes, yeah, yeah. I like to work out alone in my own gym.
33:45 Ah, in my gym, if there is nobody, I still I love to work out. Mmm. Yes. Do you think, uhh, like the app that we were talking about by your dream?
33:56 Mmm. Do you think having, live coaching or virtual support where people could probably ask questions or, like, am I working out correctly?
34:06 Is my form correct? Do you think something like that would be helpful? Yeah, this is a one-on-one coaching, nah. That people are watching and they're on video call right, like this, nah.
34:19 Yeah, it can be a video call. It can also be that uhh. Or you send a video to them, something like that.
34:25 But even having someone live would help. Yes. Yes. I think. In beginner, yes, definitely. If you are beginner and you know, don't know how to do workout, it will help.
34:38 Correct. And since you're already a coach at Fitter, do you think that app like that, like the one we- I think this would be helpful to you, Agile Trainer.
35:00 Yes, yes, yes it can be. Do you think, uh, you would be able to manage your clients better with that kind of insights on them?
35:10 and Yes. In the app only, no? Yeah. Yes, yes, yes, of course. off. Okay. I see. And how would you say that the people around you influence your motivation?
35:26 Is it possible? On. On. Is it? Or is it negative? Yeah, it is positive. Yeah, if I see like, uhh, good people like it.
35:35 They have good body around me and Jim. It motivates me. Yeah, of course. Mmm. It helps me. Yeah, it helps me.
35:43 It helps me push harder. Mmm. So, if the lab slowly understands- your schedule, your motivation and all. Mmm. Anything else that you would also like to see it do?
35:57 Bye bye. Anything else that you feel like or the other apps are not doing this? Maybe if someone did this, that would be helpful.
36:07 Anything like that? If, if an app finds a way to keep you motivated. That would be the great. But I don't even, I also don't know how to do that.
36:20 Sir. Any other feature? Sir, like you mentioned, uh, being able to be accurate on ingredients. Anything else like that, niche things that come up to your mind that you may have noticed.
36:31 Umm. Thank you, everyone. Mmm.
36:44 Thought for now. Mmm. That's okay. You know, you can feel free to, you know, reach out to us if something comes up to your mind or anything.
36:55 Thank Like that. Yes, sure. I think that's all the question from my side. Sure. Okay. Thank you. Uh, if you feel like we may not have covered anything or if you feel like we may not have asked something.
37:11 Oh, please. Free to mention it. A lot now, but if anything comes in mind, I will tell the weather also.
37:17 The that the is is sure. Uh, thank you so much for joining Shavam. This was really helpful and very insightful and hopefully it was.
37:31 Thank you so much.